{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green29\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green99\blue188;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red12\green17\blue54;\red230\green234\blue239;\red213\green232\blue246;\red12\green96\blue175;
\red69\green69\blue68;\red236\green234\blue229;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c15294\c16471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c47451\c78431;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c5098\c9412\c27451;\cssrgb\c92157\c93333\c94902;\cssrgb\c86667\c92941\c97255;\cssrgb\c0\c46275\c74118;
\cssrgb\c34118\c34118\c33725;\cssrgb\c94118\c93333\c91765;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat7\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Help understanding health insurance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Find answers to some common questions about our health insurance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 What does health insurance cover?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Health insurance covers treatment for acute conditions that start after your policy begins.\cb1 \
\cb3 An acute condition is:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 an illness or injury that is likely to respond to treatment,\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 something that you can recover from.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Health insurance doesn\'92t cover:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 conditions that you had before your policy started,\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ongoing conditions for which there isn\'92t a known cure, like arthritis or diabetes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Although, long-term treatment for cancer or mental health conditions may be covered even if the condition can\'92t be cured.\cb1 \
\cb3 The level of cover you\'92ll get depends on your policy.\cb1 \
\cb3 Some policies cover treatment and diagnosis. This means that any appointments or tests needed to find out what\'92s wrong could be had privately.\cb1 \
\cb3 Some policies only cover treatment. This means that you\'92d get a diagnosis from the NHS. You\'92d then ask for a referral for private treatment.\cb1 \
\cb3 For more about what is and isn\'92t covered, visit our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bupa.co.uk/health/health-insurance/compare-cover-options"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 compare cover\'a0}}page.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 Which Bupa health insurance option is right for me?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We have two levels of health insurance cover.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Comprehensive health insurance\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This covers medical costs from diagnosis to treatment. If you\'92d like private consultations and tests to find out what\'92s wrong, as well as private treatment, this policy might be best for you.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Treatment and Care health insurance\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 If you\'92re happy to be diagnosed by the NHS, but want to receive private treatment, this policy might work for you. It\'92s cheaper than our Comprehensive policy as it just covers treatment after you\'92ve been diagnosed.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 You can also include cancer cover as part of our Comprehensive or Treatment and Care policies. There are two levels of cancer cover to choose from.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Full cancer cover.\'a0This covers you from private diagnosis to treatment and aftercare.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 NHS Cancer Cover Plus.\'a0This is cheaper, and just allows you to access private treatment for cancer if the NHS are unable to provide the treatment you need. Specifically, you\'92ll be covered for private chemotherapy, radiotherapy, drug therapy or operations.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 For full details about our cancer cover, see our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bupa.co.uk/health/health-insurance/bupa-cancer-promise"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 cancer promise}}\'a0page.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can get a quote online now. Or get in touch and we\'92ll talk you through your options. Call our team on 0808 115 3461. Lines are open Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm and Saturday 9am to 12.30pm.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Why should I compare health insurance?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 It can be tricky to know what to look out for when you\'92re choosing health insurance. The level of care you need will depend on your lifestyle and the aspects of health you\'92re most concerned about. You\'92ll also need to consider your budget.\cb1 \
\cb3 That\'92s why comparing different health insurance policies can be useful. By getting quotes for different levels of cover you\'92ll be able to compare the costs against the benefits. This will help you make an informed decision.\cb1 \
\cb3 When considering your options, you might want to look for a package that covers the following:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hospital treatment\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Out-patient therapies\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Aftercare\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tests and scans\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Make sure you fully understand a health insurance policy before joining. You\'92ll need to know what it includes and excludes to be certain it meets your needs. Most health insurers also offer discounts for\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bupa.co.uk/health/health-insurance/couple-health-insurance"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 couples}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bupa.co.uk/health/health-insurance/family-health-insurance"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 families}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can view a comparison table on our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bupa.co.uk/health/health-insurance/compare-cover-options"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 compare cover}}\'a0page.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec3 Leaving your company health\uc0\u8232 insurance scheme?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Want to keep your cover after leaving your job? Call us on\'a00808 250 1900.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Continue your health insurance cover after leaving your job\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you\'92re leaving your employer, you can keep your health insurance going by starting a new, personal policy with us.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your new policy will be different from your employee cover. But you may be able to continue with your treatments. And we may continue to cover any ongoing conditions you have.\cb1 \
\cb3 To get continuous cover, you\'92ll need to start your new policy within three months of your old cover ending.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Give us a call and keep your cover in 3 easy steps:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 Step 1.\'a0Call us on 0808 250 1900\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Call us within 3 months of your scheme ending. We can backdate your new policy to the date you left.\
Lines are open Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \strokec6 Step 2.\'a0\cf2 \cb7 \strokec2 Quick questions\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 We\'92ll ask you a few questions about your medical history in the last 5 years to give you a new quote.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \strokec6 Step 3.\'a0\cf2 \cb7 \strokec2 Start your policy\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Start your policy by paying from the date your old policy ended, so there\'92s no break in your cover.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb8 \strokec2 Our health insurance benefits\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Bupa private medical insurance is designed to suit your health and wellbeing needs. You can expect all of this and more:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Come to us direct, without waiting to see a GP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 If you\'92re worried about cancer, mental health or muscles, bones and joints, you can call our Direct Access team. We\'92ll check that your symptoms are covered and give you clear advice on what to do next. We could refer you to a specialist on the call. Or, if you do need to see a GP, we\'92ll let you know.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 See a GP without going anywhere\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Most Bupa cover includes Bupa Blua Health, or another digital GP service\'87. This means you can talk to a GP within 24 hours \'96 day or night. Book a video or phone call from home, work or wherever. And if you\'92re happy to pay for a private prescription, you can pay to have it delivered to your door.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Whatever the mental health condition, we\'92ll be there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Your emotional wellbeing is as important as your physical health. That\'92s why we cover more mental health conditions than any other leading UK insurer.\cf2 \cb3 \super \strokec2 \'86\cf2 \cb3 \nosupersub \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Nurses ready to help, every hour of the day\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Late at night or first thing in the morning, our Anytime HealthLine connects you to a qualified nurse when you have a health concern. Clear and simple advice from someone who cares.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Access to breakthrough cancer drugs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Our cancer cover can offer some cancer drugs and treatments before they\'92re available on the NHS. Helping you get the medicines you need, faster. Any drugs or treatments will need to be evidence-based and covered by your policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Rewards from brands you know and love\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Fitness, nutrition, relaxation, getting outdoors. Whatever works for you or your partner\'92s wellbeing, we want to save you money on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 Make the most of your Bupa health insurance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 From making a claim or checking your account, to getting an appointment, all the help you need is right here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 How can I make a claim?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 If you need treatment and would like to make a claim, you\'92ll usually need to have visited your GP and received a referral. In some cases, you can submit a claim without a GP referral.\cb1 \
\cb3 If your cover includes\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bupa.co.uk/health/health-insurance/speak-to-a-specialist"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Direct Access}}, you can speak to us about some symptoms as soon as you\'92re worried. You may even be able to get treatment without seeing a GP.\cb1 \
\cb3 When claiming, you\'92ll need your Bupa membership number as well as details about your diagnosis and treatment.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec3 Guide to making a health insurance claim\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb8 \strokec6 Do your symptoms fall into any of these categories?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 - Cancer Symptoms \
- Muscles, Bones and Joints\
- Mental Health\
- Moles and skin cancer concerns.\cf6 \cb8 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf6 If you\'92re experiencing any of these symptoms and you have Direct Access, call us directly. We\'92ll check that your symptoms are covered and explain how you can get help. You may be able to get treatment without a GP referral.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 If your symptoms aren\'92t listed above, follow our step by step guide:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Step 1:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 See a GP\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 If your symptoms aren\'92t covered by our Direct Access service, you should speak to a GP first.\
Book an appointment with your own GP or through a digital GP service. They can advise you if you need to see a specialist or healthcare professional..\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Speak to a GP within 24 hours from anywhere\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 With our digital GP services, you can get professional advice at a time that suits you. .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Health advice day or night\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 With our Anytime HealthLine, you can get health advice from a nurse at any time of the night or day..\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 Step 2:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Ask the GP for an open referral\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 If you have a condition that requires a GP referral, we recommend you ask for an \'91Open Referral letter\'92. This will detail the care your GP would like you to have, but will not be addressed to a specific consultant, hospital, or healthcare professional.\
The referral needs to include the type of speciality that you have been referred to.\
We aim to offer a choice of two or three specialists. If the first-choice consultant is unavailable, you can see someone else without having to return to your GP for a second referral.\
You can also choose to speak to a specialist over the phone or by video. You can call us on 0345 609 0111 to discuss your options. Lines are open 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 8am-4pm Saturdays.\
Important:\'a0Open Referral is mandatory on some personal, corporate and company schemes. If you need help, please call us on 0345 609 0444. Lines are open Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm and Saturday 9am to 12.30pm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 Step 3:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Contact us for a pre-authorisation code\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 As soon as you\'92ve seen your GP please contact us. We\'92ll discuss your options and explain what you\'92re covered for. Our advisor will talk you through what you need to do next and will send any pre-treatment forms that you need to complete.\
If you\'92re covered we will give you a pre-authorisation code. You\'92ll show this to your specialist. It lets them know that Bupa has approved your treatment.\
Here's what you'll need when you contact us:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Your Bupa membership number\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Details of when your symptoms first began\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Details of when you first consulted your GP about your symptoms\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The symptoms you're suffering from\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Details of the treatment your GP has recommended\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Speak to one of our advisors today\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 0345 609 0111\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Lines are open 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 8am - 4pm Saturdays.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What happens next?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 See your pre-authorisation in Bupa Touch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 If you've been referred to see a healthcare specialist, it\'92s important to talk to us so we can check that your treatment is covered. Once we have established that it is, we'll give you a pre-authorisation code.\
If you already have an approved pre-authorisation, you can view the details in the Bupa Touch app.\
Sign in with your Bupa account details or create a digital account.\
Scan the QR code with your phone camera to download the app.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 How do I contact Bupa? \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf10 We are always on hand to help. \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb11 Bupa digital account \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf10 \cb11 Creating an account provides on the go access to your Bupa policy. Giving you a comprehensive, personalised view of your cover in one place, visit bupa.co.uk to create an account or download the Bupa Touch App. From here you can call or use webchat to get in touch, which is the quickest way of reaching us. \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf9 \cb11 Call \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf10 \cb11 For any queries about your cover please call us on 0345 609 0777. We may record or monitor our calls. \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf9 \cb11 Webchat \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf10 \cb11 You can now chat with us either using your Bupa digital account, or by visiting bupa.co.uk. You can use this service to ask general queries and authorise treatment. We may ask you to call us based on your needs. \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf9 \cb11 If you have difficulties \cf5 \cb1 \
\cf10 \cb11 For those with hearing or speech difficulties you can use the Relay UK service on your smartphone or textphone. For further information visit www.relayuk.bt.com. We also offer documents in Braille, large print or audio. \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Write \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf10 You can also write to us at Bupa, Bupa Place, 102 The Quays, Salford M50 3SP \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Benefits Table \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf10 This Benefits Table sets out the type of Benefits and charges we pay for Eligible Treatment, and what we do not cover in relation to any particular Benefit. The General Exclusions section sets out the areas we do not cover and in some cases the related exceptional circumstances in which we do provide cover. This Table forms part of the Bupa By You Health Insurance Agreement. \cf5 \
\cf10 Important Information \cf5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
At the Cover Start Date you must have been registered continuously with a GP for \uc0\u8232 a period of at least six months, or have access to and be able to provide your full medical records in English. \u8232 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your Membership Certificate sets out the details of the cover you have chosen. We do not pay for any Benefit listed in this Table unless it is included on your Membership Certificate. We also do not pay for any personal travel and/or accommodation costs which are not expressly set out in your Benefits. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We only pay up to the limits stated on your Membership Certificate and subject to any excess stated on your Certificate. The limits may affect how much we pay for particular Benefits or to particular Treatment providers. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If your underwriting method shown on your Membership Certificate is: \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf10 J \cf5 \
\cf10 J \cf5 \
\cf10 Underwritten: we do not pay for Treatment for any Special Conditions detailed on your Confirmation of Special Conditions or any Pre-existing Conditions,\uc0\u8232 see your Membership Certificate for more details including what we mean by Special Conditions. We will send a Confirmation of Special Conditions for anyone to whom a Special Condition applies. \cf5 \
\cf10 Moratorium: we do not pay for Treatment for Moratorium Conditions, see your Membership Certificate for more details including what we mean by Moratorium Conditions. \cf5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You should always call us before arranging or receiving Treatment to check that you will be covered. The number to call us on can be found on your Membership Certificate. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All Treatment must be carried out in a Recognised Facility in the UK, and provided by a Consultant, medical practitioner or healthcare professional who is recognised by us for the Treatment you need on the date you receive that Treatment, unless we specifically authorise otherwise in a particular case. For example we may pay Consultants\'92 fees \uc0\u8232 for Eligible Treatment in a treatment facility that is not recognised by us when your proposed Treatment cannot take place in a Recognised Facility for medical reasons. However, you will need our agreement before the Treatment is received and we need full details from your Consultant before we can give our decision. \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf10 You can ask us whether at the time of your Treatment: \cf5 \
\cf10 a facility is a Recognised Facility\uc0\u8232 a practitioner is a Recognised Practitioner \cf5 \
\cf10 a Consultant, medical practitioner or healthcare professional is recognised by us for remote consultations. \cf5 \
\cf10 You can also access these details at finder.bupa.co.uk \cf5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If the Treatment you need is not available in the UK and would have been Eligible \uc0\u8232 Treatment except for it not being available in the UK, we will pay you a contribution up to the cost that we would have paid to you to have the standard alternative Treatment available in the UK. Before the Treatment starts you must have our written confirmation that these criteria have been met and we need full clinical details from your Consultant, including confirmation that the Treatment is not available in the \u8232 UK, before we can determine this. You will need to settle the claim direct to the medical provider or treatment facility yourself and submit your receipts to us before we reimburse you up to the level of the standard Treatment available in the UK. (See General Exclusion GE14 Experimental Drugs and Treatment.) \u8232 \
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There must be a Consultant with overall responsibility for your Treatment, unless you are referred by: \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf10 a Consultant\uc0\u8232 our Direct Access service (see paragraph 2.2 in the Claiming section of this booklet for details of the Direct Access service)\u8232 a GP (including via a digital GP service), or\u8232 another healthcare practitioner (the situations in which we will accept such a referral are set out on bupa.co.uk/referrals) \cf5 \
\cf10 for Out-patient Treatment carried out by a Consultant, Therapist, Mental Health and Wellbeing Therapist or other Recognised Practitioner. \cf5 \
\cf10 9. We do not pay for Treatment of Chronic Conditions. However, we will pay for\uc0\u8232 Eligible Treatment for an unexpected flare-up of acute symptoms of a Chronic Condition if the Treatment is likely to lead quickly to a complete recovery rather than prolonged Treatment. We do not pay for Treatment required due to the expected deterioration or flare up of a Chronic Condition. This includes conditions which have a relapsing-remitting nature and require management of recurrent flare-ups, for example, inflammatory bowel disease. In such cases, the flare-ups are an expected part of the normal course of the illness and therefore we do not consider them as acute complications of the disease. \cf5 \
\cf10 See General Exclusion GE5 Chronic Conditions. \cf5 \
\cf10 10. Information about cover for children aged 17 or under: Some private hospitals do not provide services for children or have restricted services available for children, so Treatment may be offered at an NHS hospital. You can ask us about Recognised Facilities where paediatric services are available or you can find them on finder.bupa.co.uk \cf5 \
\cf10 Where In-patient or Day-patient Eligible Treatment is required, children are likely to be treated in a general children\'92s ward. This is in line with good paediatric practice. }